# to be purged
bsdmainutils          purge
firewalld             purge
groff-base            purge
info                  purge
install-info          purge
isc-dhcp-client       purge
isc-dhcp-common       purge
man-db                purge
#nplan                 purge
#netplan.io            purge
#rsyslog               purge
traceroute            purge
ubuntu-minimal        purge
ubuntu-pro-client     purge

# to install (core)
apt-utils             install
bsdutils              install
ca-certificates       install
cron                  install
dbus                  install
#dmsetup               install
e2fsprogs             install
ifupdown              install
locales               install
logrotate             install
lsb-release           install
mawk                  install
openssh-client        install
openssh-server        install
openssh-sftp-server   install
perl                  install
perl-modules-5.30     install
psmisc                install
qemu-guest-agent      install
ucf                   install
ufw                   install
unzip                 install
wget                  install

# to install (custom)
#bzip2                 install
curl                  install
figlet                install
#gawk                  install
htop                  install
#iftop                 install
#inetutils-syslogd     install
#iotop                 install
#iptables              install
#lsof                  install
#lvm2                  install
#nano                  install
#net-tools             install
postfix               install
#quota                 install
rsync                 install
#screen                install
#ssl-cert              install
#telnet                install

