# to purge
apparmor              purge
#groff-base            purge
#isc-dhcp-client       purge
#isc-dhcp-common       purge
#man-db                purge
#traceroute            purge
vim-common            purge
vim-tiny              purge
#xfsprogs              purge

# to install (core)
apt-utils             install
dbus                  install
dmsetup               install
e2fsprogs             install
gettext-base          install
klibc-utils           install
locales               install
logrotate             install
lsb-base              install
lsb-release           install
mawk                  install
nano                  install
openssh-client        install
openssh-server        install
openssh-sftp-server   install
perl                  install
perl-modules-5.40     install
qemu-guest-agent      install
systemd-timesyncd     install
ufw                   install
unzip                 install
wget                  install

# to install (custom)
curl                  install
figlet                install
htop                  install
iotop                 install
rsync                 install
rsyslog               install
screen                install

#bzip2                 install
#ca-certificates       install
#cron                  install
#distro-info-data      install
#iftop                 install
#lsof                  install
#media-types           install
#postfix               install
#psmisc                install
#ssl-cert              install
#telnet                install
#usr-is-merged         install

