# to purge
groff-base            purge
isc-dhcp-client       purge
isc-dhcp-common       purge
man-db                purge
traceroute            purge

# to install (core)
apt-utils             install
dbus                  install
dmsetup               install
e2fsprogs             install
gettext-base          install
klibc-utils           install
locales               install
logrotate             install
lsb-release           install
nano                  install
original-awk          install
openssh-client        install
openssh-server        install
openssh-sftp-server   install
perl                  install
perl-modules-5.32     install
qemu-guest-agent      install
systemd-timesyncd     install
ufw                   install
wget                  install

# to install (custom)
#acl                   install
#bzip2                 install
#ca-certificates       install
#cron                  install
#curl                  install
#distro-info-data      install
#figlet                install
#gawk                  install
##gnupg                 install
#htop                  install
#iftop                 install
#inetutils-syslogd     install
#iotop                 install
#lsof                  install
#lvm2                  install
#mime-support          install
#net-tools             install
#postfix               install
#psmisc                install
#quota                 install
#rsync                 install
#screen                install
#ssl-cert              install
#telnet                install
#unzip                 install
#xfsprogs              install

