# to be purged
bsdmainutils            purge
distro-info             purge
firewalld               purge
groff-base              purge
inetutils-syslogd       purge
info                    purge
install-info            purge
isc-dhcp-client         purge
isc-dhcp-common         purge
man-db                  purge
netplan.io              purge
traceroute              purge
ubuntu-advantage-tools  purge
ubuntu-minimal          purge
ubuntu-pro-client       purge

# to install (core)
apt-utils             install
dbus                  install
e2fsprogs             install
ifupdown              install
iproute2              install
locales               install
logrotate             install
lsb-release           install
mawk                  install
nano                  install
openssh-client        install
openssh-server        install
openssh-sftp-server   install
perl                  install
perl-modules-5.34     install
qemu-guest-agent      install
rsync                 install
systemd-timesyncd     install
ufw                   install
unzip                 install
wget                  install

# to be installed
#bsdutils              install
#bzip2                 install
#ca-certificates       install
#cron                  install
#curl                  install
#dmsetup               install
#figlet                install
#gawk                  install
#htop                  install
#iftop                 install
#iotop                 install
#iputils-ping          install
#lsof                  install
##lvm2                  install
#net-tools             install
#postfix               install
#psmisc                install
#quota                 install
#rsyslog               install
#screen                install
#ssl-cert              install
#telnet                install
#ucf                   install

